Consumer credit risk can be measured by the five C’s: credit history, capacity to repay, the loan’s conditions, capital, and associated collateral, with a CSV file we found we were provided with information that was gathered by online and email surveys, the surveys were taken by people between the ages of 20-56. We looked at this data and decided to use it to analyze the risk a bank would be taking by offering these individuals a loan. So, for my part, I’m checking their credit score without having their credit score, to measure that risk I used a metric that was supplied to us called debt to income ratio, the easiest thing to know about that is the lower the ratio the lower the risk the bank is taking. It’s a ratio that compares debt they already have to their income. That gave me ask the question, what age is the lowest risk to a bank? Looking at individual ages and seeing the average debt to income it looks even with not a lot of separation, until you reach around 53 and even 47 had a bump in the wrong direction. So, with just a glance 20 is the best age with the lowest debt to income, but that answer didn’t really feel accomplishing because the moment you turn 21 you’re seen as riskier? That’s obviously not the case, so to broaden the search for a better answer we dove into the idea of age groups. Gen Z being 24 and younger, Millennials 25-34, Gen X 35-44, and finally Boomers 45 and older but in this case going to 56. Obviously, these are just titles to play as labels for the data. With the age groups, you can see that gen x which is 35-44 has the lowest debt to income ratio meaning that they’re the safest bet for a bank to give a loan to and might not look like it but gen z is right behind followed by millennials 25-34 and ending with boomers. With this data and its analysis, we can see that for a bank the riskiest age group to give a loan might be the people who have had more time to develop having a debt. Giving someone who already has debt a loan isn’t the greatest route for a bank.  
